External secrets: add checker docs (#3946)
kyma-project/test-infra: development/tools/cmd/externalsecretschecker/README.md

> # External secrets checker

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# External Secrets Checker
```

## Overview

> This command checks external secrets synchronization status, and if every secret have corresponding external secret.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command checks external secrets synchronization status, and if every secret has a corresponding external secret.
```

> This command checks external secrets synchronization status, and if every secret has a corresponding external secret.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command checks external Secrets synchronization status, and if every Secret has a corresponding external Secret.
```

## Usage

To run it, use:

```bash
go run main.go --kubeconfig=/Users/i542853/.kube/config --ignored-secrets "namespace/secretName,namespace/secretName2"
```

### Flags

See the list of available flags:

| Name                      | Required | Description                                                                                             |
| :------------------------ | :------: | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |

> | **--kubeconfig**          |   Yes    | The path to the `kubeconfig` file, needed to connect to a cluster.                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **--kubeconfig**          |   Yes    | The path to the `kubeconfig` file needed to connect to a cluster.                                      |
```

> | **--ignored-secrets**     |    No    | List of ignored secrets. List contains of secrets in `namespace/secretName` format, separated by comma. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **--ignored-secrets**     |    No    | The list of ignored secrets. The secrets are in the `namespace/secretName` format and are separated with commas. |
```

> | **--ignored-secrets**     |    No    | The list of ignored secrets. The secrets are in the `namespace/secretName` format and are separated with commas.      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **--ignored-secrets**     |    No    | The list of ignored Secrets. The Secrets are in the `namespace/secretName` format and are separated with commas.      |
```

> | **--namespaces**          |    No    | List of analyzed namespaces. The program scans all namespaces if the list is empty.                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **--namespaces**          |    No    | The list of analyzed namespaces. The program scans all namespaces if the ignored secrets list is empty.                     |
```
Did you mean the ignored secrets list?
Just to make sure: Does the program scan all namespaces if the ignored secrets list is (totally) empty or all namespaces for which there aren't any ignored secrets on the list?

Author: The program scans all namespaces unless a list of namespaces to scan is provided through `namespaces` flag.

> | **--namespaces**          |    No    | The list of analyzed namespaces separated by bomma. The program scans all namespaces if the namespaces list is empty. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **--namespaces**          |    No    | The list of analyzed Namespaces. The Namespaces names are separated with commas. The program scans all Namespaces if the Namespaces list is empty. |
```
